# My Portfolio

Hello, my name is Nethania. I am a recent computer engineering graduate from California State University, Northridge. I have a strong passion for robotics, creating software solutions, building hardware, using the knowledge I have gained to help solve problems using tech, and continuing to grow as a computer engineer through project creation. Feel free to reach any time through email: nmoralesbusiness@gmail.com

This repository will contain a collection of all personal projects, academic work, and any open-source contributions. Feel free to explore my experience with embedded systems, algorithms, etc. Thank you for visiting! Have a blessed day!

## Technologies
#### Programming Languages Proficiency

| Language       | Experience Level  |
|----------------|-------------------|
| C/C++          | Advanced          |
| Python         | Intermediate      |
| VHDL           | Advanced          |
| Javascript     | Beginner          |
| Assembly       | Intermediate      |

#### Tools and Software
| Tool/Software       | Category         | Experience Level  |
|---------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| Git                 | Version Control  | Intermediate      |
| MATLAB              | Engineering      | Intermediate      |
| Xilinx              | FPGA Dev         | Advanced          |
| Cadence             | Hardware Tools   | Intermediate      |

#### Development Platforms
| Hardware            | Category         | Experience Level  |
|---------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| Arduino             | Hardware/Platform| Intermediate      |
| FPGA                | Hardware/Platform| Intermediate      |

#### Creative Tools
| Tool                | Category         | Experience Level  |
|---------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| Adobe Premiere Pro  | Video Editing    | Advanced          |
| Adobe After Effects | Motion Graphics  | Intermediate      |
| Final Cut Pro       | Video Editing    | Advanced          |
| Apple Motion        | Motion Graphics  | Intermediate      |
| Notion              | Productivity     | Advanced          |
| Canva               | Design           | Advanced          |


## Projects
#### A Driverless Vehicle Using the MSP432 Microcontroller
- **Components Used:** MSP432 LaunchPad, TI-RSLK MAX Chassis, Pmod COLOR, Sharp GP2Y0A21YK0F Analog Distance Sensor (10 – 80 cm), bumper switches, piezo buzzers, etc.
- **Features:**
  - Localization
  - Traffic Light Detection
  - Overtake
  - Collision Detection and Handling

#### Serial to Parallel Logic Converter
- **Technologies Used:** Xilinx Vivado
- **Project Requirements:**
  - Data is coming in bursts of 128 bits
  - Every 32 bits of data that is generated by the test bench must be written
into Block RAM
  - After four sets of 32 are written, a read command must be sent to read
4x32 at the same time
  - There should be an enable signal enabling write to each memory block
when it is the turn for the data to be written into that block
  - There should be a read signal that is sent to all blocks at the same time
after the last 32 bits of data are written into the last memory block to read
1 address line including 128 bits of data

#### Flash Memory at the Transistor Level (Research Paper)
- This project is a research paper diving into the topic of flash memory. The paper discusses what types of flash memory there are, how they are structured, and how they work including all advantages and disadvantages, how flash memory works at the transistor level, specifically examining the floating gate transistor, looking at NAND versus NOR flash memory, and N-type versus P-type floating gate transistors.
  [Download My Research Paper Here](https://github.com/nethaniam/Projects/blob/main/Research/Flash%20Memory%20at%20the%20Transistor%20Level.html)

#### The CleanBot3000
- In collaboration with NASA JPL, a group of students were tasked with the
development of a robot that will sanitize the cleanrooms at JPL.
- The group of students oversaw all components of the development: mechanical,
technical (software), and electrical.
- [Link To CleanBot3000 Repo](https://github.com/cleanbot3000)
- [Download My Individual Report Here](https://github.com/nethaniam/Projects/blob/main/Research/S24_Cleanbot_3000_Individual_Report.pdf)

More coming soon...

## Education
### Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
- **University:** California State University, Northridge
- **Graduation Year:** 2024

## Contact Me
Feel free to reach me via email!
- Email: nmoralesbusiness@gmail.com

> "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3:16

>"Peter replied, “Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins. And you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit." Acts 2:38
